docs: :memo: add guide for contributing built-in styles (#148)
seedcase-project/seedcase-flower: docs/guide/contribute-built-in-style.qmd

given in snake case.

Then, move your template files and the `sections.toml` file into the new
folder. The file structure should now look like:

``` txt
src/
└── seedcase_flower/
    └── styles/
        ├── ...
        └── your_new_style/
            ├── sections.toml
            ├── template_1.qmd.jinja
            ├── template_2.qmd.jinja
            ├── ...
            └── template_last.qmd.jinja
```

Finally, add your style to the appropriate style enum in
`src/seedcase_flower/internals.py`. Styles used with the `build` command
are defined in the `BuildStyle` enum, while styles used with `view` are
defined in `ViewStyle`. For example, if your `your_new_style` is a style
for `build`, you would include it like so:

``` {.python filename="src/seedcase_flower/internals.py"}
class BuildStyle(Enum):
    """Built-in styles for outputting to file."""

    quarto_one_page = "quarto_one_page"
    quarto_resource_listing = "quarto_resource_listing"
    quarto_resource_tables = "quarto_resource_tables"
    your_new_style = "your_new_style" # <--
```

::: callout-important
For the new style to work properly, the name of the enum member must be

> exactly the same as the folder name for the new style.

Author: Assuming we'll use the enum member's name to get the path to the templates folder (something like [so](https://github.com/seedcase-project/seedcase-flower/blob/2b2dd232472eafca0507a54b9f5cf270cebcee4c/src/seedcase_flower/cli.py#L56))

  file.

First,
[create the template files](/docs/guide/custom-styles.qmd#creating-the-templates)
and
[add the `sections.toml` configuration file](/docs/guide/custom-styles.qmd#sections.toml-configuration-file)
for your style by following the guide for creating custom styles. If you
are writing a terminal style for use with the `view` command, do not put
an `output-path` for your sections in `sections.toml`.

## Adding the style as built-in

Next, in your local copy of the Flower repo, create a new folder for
your style within the `src/seedcase_flower/styles/` folder and call it
the name of your style. The name of your style should be short,
descriptive, and unique among existing built-in styles. It should be
given in snake case.

Then, move your template files and the `sections.toml` file into the new
folder. The file structure should now look like:

``` txt
src/
└── seedcase_flower/
    └── styles/
        ├── ...
        └── your_new_style/
            ├── sections.toml
            ├── template_1.qmd.jinja
            ├── template_2.qmd.jinja
            ├── ...
            └── template_last.qmd.jinja
```

Finally, add your style to the appropriate style enum in

> `src/seedcase_flower/internals.py`. Styles used with the `build` command

Author: Ah, how do you mean? 😅

:::

## Testing the new style

Once the new style is in place, be sure to test that it works as
expected by running the `view` or `build` command as appropriate. You
can use the example Data Package included in Flower to test:

``` {.bash filename="Terminal"}
uv run seedcase-flower build --uri docs/includes/datapackage.json --style your-new-style
```

## Making a pull request

Before submitting a pull request with your changes, make sure you:

- Run `just run-all` in the terminal.
- Put your changes on a new branch with a name that follows our
  [branch naming conventions](https://guidebook.seedcase-project.org/workflows/prs#branch-naming-conventions).
- Commit your changes following
  [Conventional Commits](https://guidebook.seedcase-project.org/workflows/commits#conventional-commits).
- Push your branch to GitHub.

You might find it helpful to read through our
[contributing guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.html). If you would like a more
detailed walkthrough of
[creating commits](https://guidebook.seedcase-project.org/workflows/commits)
and
[submitting pull requests](https://guidebook.seedcase-project.org/workflows/prs),
have a look at the relevant sections of our Guidebook.

> You’re now ready to open a pull request from your fork to the main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're now ready to open a pull request from your fork to the main
```

Very minor but @signekb's weird single quote character popped up again.
